Additional 50 billion payment by Shen Yi Zhang's family
It will take three days to arrive.
Your family's funds are also stuck
It will take at least a week to arrive.
Hahahaha
If I remember correctly
There's no more than 200 billion around you, right?
What do you do?
If you can't raise the security money
You have to compensate 100 billion, right?
Your father who died early
Trying to enter Shudu was unsuccessful
You stinky brat
How can it be successful
hum
That's right.
My useless son was hurt by you, right?
That's because he's not as good as others.
A good skill is not as good as others
You made it impossible for my son to carry on the family line
I'm sorry to say that the play is not as good as people
After the bidding competition is over, Shen Yan and others
I will give you a big surprise.
Well, he will also give you a big surprise.